it's not good he might be that's our man
I
I bumped in someone's car once and I
left a note with my phone number and my
my address
nice and not my address my phone number
and my name and they called me up and
they just so happened to be very good
friends with someone who else runs with
uh-huh
so then he calls me up and he tells me
dude you hit my friend's car that's that
I go tell him to call me man that's cool
yeah
it was noble well I it wasn't bad but it
was something yeah you know it was like
it was a little scuff on the bumper
right but it was my it was I was like
thank God I left a message
yeah I feel like such a piece of shit
yeah my friend and he was like and some
fucking asshole hit my friend's car and
took off you believe that shit like no
crazy that's that's bullshit and now
cameras have everybody doing everything
so you'll always get busted yeah when do
you think it's gonna be where you have a
Tesla you know what those things do when
do you think it's gonna be where no
one's driving how many how many more
years we're well where a lot of people
aren't driving 20 yeah I would say 20 to
30 you ever went Priuses were a joke
yeah someone had to preach like get that
fucking stupid thing away from me yeah
or even the early Tesla the Roadster
like do you know that top gear you want
to know you know that British shown up
gear yeah here's what's crazy I found
out they did an episode where they
pretended that the Tesla Roadster died
on them while they were driving and
around the track but it didn't really
die on though that was just a storyline
that they wanted it to die so that's
gross apparently the way the show is
made it's like a comedy show and it's
scripted so they can get away with doing
something like that
so Elon Musk sued them and I think he
lost believes because I because they
don't claim to be exactly they don't
claim to be factual and they complained
that they they don't they don't claim to
not have narratives right they create
else
gross just to make sure that I'm that's
gross pretty gross it's amazing how many
shots that they take Elon Musk called
top gear completely phony and his
company sued for libel and malicious
falsehoods a judge dismissed the suit in
October saying no viewer the program
could have reasonably be compared the
roadsters performance on the track to a
real-world performance on the street
that seems fuzzy I don't know what that
means yeah okay
what is 2012 that way what is the case
what he said what Eon must said that it
was that they faked it and they claimed
the power Tesla okay let's see what it
says we could figure out I think I'm
pretty sure that's the story I have to
test to drop the car off Elon Musk
claimed that one of his employees was
along for the delivery notice that a
script for the episode inside there was
a segment about the Tesla breaking down
but that was only the tip of the iceberg
top gear claimed that the Tesla Roadster
ran out of power while driving after
just 55 miles much less than the 200
miles quoted by Tesla albeit it was
being driven hard a claim that musk said
was untrue according to him the
roadsters logs showed that the car had
never dipped below 20% charge during the
entirety of the filming the clip
followed with the roadsters motor
overheating which wasn't addressed by
musk and finally a brake failure which
must claims was instead a blown fuse and
not an equipment failure battery-powered
electric cars will soon die altogether
former Top Gear host James Mason is it
amazing so they were said sounds like
there was some horseshit for sure but it
does sound like there was a real brake
problem and the brake problem was a
blown fuse which there's nothing you can
do about that but just that it's such a
strange thing that yeah you just have to
attack electric cars like it's just that
well I think the web them making a
script if they have a script yeah dad
the test was gonna break down they
thought it would be funny look at how
many bit it's a comedy show where Jeremy
Clarkson was fucking hilarious
yeah but there is definitely well the
people that are yeah you believe a lot
of the stuff that they say in the
performance of the car I would you know
I always thought it was funny but I also
saw them as experts well they kind of
are
yeah I mean they know a lot of shit yeah
they know a lot of shit about cars for
sure Jeremy Clarkson knows a lot about
cars the problem is people go to them
for advice and lap times and all that
shit and if you're saying it cars
breaking down you you engineered that
yes script it's pretty dirty that is
dirty well that's how like Sean Hannity
gets away with saying that he's not a
news program does he get away with that
yeah W says news yeah he says it's a
it's a it's entertainment really yeah
yeah yeah that's way you have a little a
little out we're not a news program we
don't claim to be he says that yeah
although a lot of people are coming to
you think it's news but isn't he a
commentary program isn't that what they
say it's not that he's new he says it's
entertainment oh yeah do you find
entertaining no no I could do says is
entertaining he's a liar it's not that
entertaining I want to sue them and the
game of thrones people